What is this?
It's over.
This is the Shifang Zhujue who destroyed me
This is an ancient book of Jin
What is it that Sect Master He has destroyed me?
According to legend, in ancient times
There are five people who use these ten nobles to destroy me
Drained the flesh and blood of hundreds of cities
The ancestors felt that this formation was too evil
So he destroyed the formation
Who knows that this formation has appeared again today
That sounds impressive.
But we have so many experts here
Can't we join hands to break his formation?
These ten lords sacrificed themselves to destroy my evil
Will draw five pulls
Haven't you discovered the power of God?
Is it being continuously extracted?
And if we do, ask Kerkin
Will be sucked into dry
What the second child said is true
My spirit power is being drawn
Just one move
Spiritual power is like water that opens a gate
It's all over
As long as this spiritual power is exhausted
He started sucking our flesh and blood
You old man is very knowledgeable
Entered my ten square Zhu Jue Ji extermination formation
You will obediently offer your blood and flesh for me
Help me achieve
This legendary food supreme martial saint bar
Sect Master Tianxiao
Tell the truth
I have a pair of stupid eyes
You can see through all the dead nodes in this world
Illusions don't know
Can you break this ten-square bamboo joint gold medal formation?
I see
I said how did you break my five elements formation
But it's a pity that this Chifeng Zhu Jue Ji Extermination Formation
He doesn't have a formation node at all
No array nodes
Have a look.
The parents are right
This is the princess' stunt
I really don't have a Dharma contact
Master, is there really no solution?
To get out of this formation
Unless with stubborn strength
Break through these ten lords head-on to commemorate me
To break through the formation with pure strength
I'm afraid so.
Only this food supreme Wu Sheng can do it?